Hi everyone!
It's me, virtual Youtuber, Kizuna Ai.
Last time, I applied to a few different prize campaigns
So, I wanted to apply again like last time
You know what they say, the chance only comes when you stand at the batter's plate!
Now's the chance!
Seriously.
So I'm going to keep applying until I can win a prize!
That's why I'm going to live a Virtual Girl's Bountiful Lifestyle!
I, Kizuna Ai, will enter competitions over the internet to see if I can win a raffle!
Even though I'm virtual, I'll still take on this challenge!
...or at least that's the plan.
Let's get started!
Today ~ this is it!
Gaora Sports' Great Thanksgiving, Winter 2017!
It's a channel that broadcasts various popular sports
at home and abroad via satellite
To show their appreciation to their viewers,
they're hosting a prize giveaway!
By answering simple quizzes
you can win expensive items!
I have to do this.
Look at these luxury items here!
of course I'm going to try to win the "A" prize
It's the most expensive one, isn't it? The television!
Money is important.
So, the most important quiz
Here it is.
♫
It broadcasts professional baseball Hanshin
(Japanese baseball team)
Hokkaido Nippon Ham,
Nishikori Kei's ATP tennis tour
(Japanese tennis player)
V-league, professional wrestling, golf, and other
(V-league = Japan's top volleyball league)
domestic and overseas popular sports in overwhelming volume
What is the name of this channel?
No, this is...
one of "those"
You know what I mean?
The correct answer is GAORA.
It's too simple ~
Maybe there's someone out there who doesn't know this.
I'm going to get this "A" prize.
I will apply for it right now.
I want to apply!
Here you are. The correct answer to the quiz.
It's GAORA. GAORA sports, right?
Hmm, no, let's put GAORA.
GAORA!
Yes, this is perfect.
I can get it.
I'm sure!
I'm gonna win that TV!
The application period is until February 13th (Mon).
'I do not have a TV at home!'
'I want to see the A.I Channel on the big screen!'
People who think that should apply!
Of course, if you apply and win the prize,
it's okay if you send it to me, you know~?
Thank you very much.
Now, on to the next!
The 28th Itoen Garden Oi O-cha New Haiku Grand Prize
That famous tea, O~i o-cha!
It's really tasty
The rich fragrance
Such a rich fragrance ...
On that bottle of O~i O-cha
there is a haiku written on it.
(haiku = Japanese poetry with 5-7-5 structure)
Here's the haiku
I think I'm picking the target.
So let's check the details of the application.
The theme is "freedom"!
They seem to want you to express your feelings. I'll try to do that myself.
The first prize... the Ministry of Education,
Science and Technology Award ...
(One winner from the Japanese divisions)
The prize is 500,000 yen!
You wouldn't have to work for two months.
I'm going to try for the smallest prize, 200,000 yen.
There will be 7 winners from each of the five Japanese divisions
Now then, the Internet entry is here!
You can submit up to six entries per person.
Well, first of all ...
I'll try to flatter them.
I'll read it out...
"O~i o-cha..."
"The one that I selected was..."
"O~i o-cha"
How was that?
Wasn't that perfect?
This will....
y'know...
woosh! Blow away the competition, right?
So ... what should I do?
Since it will be written on the tea bottles,
so I'd like to advertise my channel here.
I think this is okay.
Here I go...
Kizuna Ai
To be in a commercial
I will sell some tea
How was that?
How was it?
O~i o-cha, Itoen judges
It's the opportunity for a commercial
Now's the chance!
I'll read it out...
"It's cute, isn't it?"
"Little ribbon on my head"
"Make it into merchandise"
How was that? Mr. Judge-at-Itoen!
The ribbon on my head!
Making it into merchandise, how does that sound?
Now's the chance!
Just three poems left.
I'll unleash my fighting spirit!
Let's try writing it
The judges will also read it
I want to put in cute words like "Kizuna Ai"
They'll think, "What the heck is Kizuna Ai?" and then maybe they'll try to find out more about me!
I shall read it out...
"Kizuna Ai"
"Ah, that Kizuna Ai"
How about this? Now this is perfect.
"Kizuna Ai." I'll input those words into their heads.
Let me read out the last one.
"Unrequited love"
"The season of winter is"
"Kizuna Ai"
How was that? I always feel like there's a sense of longing
In the winter
The last poem is long-awaited, so I definitely want to advertise A.I. Channel here!
I'll read it out...
”Kizuna Ai"
"Are you thinking about her?"
”Please Google it now"
How was that, wasn't that perfect?
With this, if the judges search it up on Google, I'll be promoting A.I. Channel too!
Definitely.
Though, it might be a little different from the assigned topic
there's a chance for it to win the first prize, don't you think?
How was that?
Please make me win, judges!
Please, all you important people
How about putting me in a commercial?
Please note that entry is due until Tuesday, February 28th
so all of you watching should apply!
Let's move on
Marumiya - Pass the quiz! Hit the mark!
(Marumiya = Japanese food company)
The First Family Dream of the New Year Campaign!
The well-known furikake maker is running a campaign to welcome the new year!
(furikake = Japanese food seasoning)
I actually saw this in one of the comments on my videos
Thank you very much!
Since I'm virtual, I can't hit the mark
so I'll take the "quiz winning course"
The pirze is one million yen in cash
I'll give it a try
Here's the question
The prize of 1 million yen is divided amongst five people!
That's what is says here
The quiz is a little different
"Today is also tasty 〇〇〇"
And the hint below says...
"Today's tasty Marumiya"
This is... the answer, right?
Isn't this bad?
It's way too simple.
Is there any meaning in taking this quiz?
This question is for... good children.
Marumiya is really kind, don't you think?
By the way, entries close on Wednesday, February 15
Now ... apply!
Of course, the answer is ...
Today is delicious ... Marumiya!
Right?
By the way, postcards are also available.
By all means, those who are not good at using the internet
should apply via postcard!
So today, I applied for three campaigns.
And I'll be here forever!
Please let me know if there are any good campaigns out there!
Well then, see you next time! Bye bye!
♫♫